so Cody just before you split from heat
you were both at the British Soap Awards
I've got a clipper way to see from that
event of the pair of you please welcome
Katie pipes and Peter Andre
lovely day here and lovely to see you
all I mean what's extraordinary about
that is you don't give any impression
there there's only wrong you look
perfectly happy you come in hand in hand
and yet within 48 hours of that clip
he's divorcing you tell me about it over
a picture a picture the night before
that was the night went out in Bristol
the night that he was invited to this
picture is the front page of the Sun yes
mr. headline is half cut-price boozy
Katy flashes on wild night without Pete
and this is you on the Friday night
before the cyber wars in Bristol in a
nightclub I mean when I saw that front
page even I and I've always been a
friend of yours read full picture and
supporter I thought what the hell are
you doing yeah it was dreadful the
picture the thing is and the guy they
said with the mystery guy and that guy's
gay let me just explained that whole day
me and Pete flew to Cyprus with the kids
and Pete was going to stay longer in
Cyprus but he said oh no I'll come back
I'll go to the whole show with you
because I was working there doing my KP
question stuff and then when we landed
it was Thursday he said doll do you mind
if I don't come with you tomorrow
so we stayed in Bristol and then when I
was at the holster then Angie was there
with Polly his wife Andrews Andrew Gould
and record is respected horsemen one of
the best dressage riders in the country
who trains my horses he's married and
he's married with two kids he's been
with his wife since he was 16 happily
married it's all having a meal and
they're like why don't we all go out to
a bar on that and then I'm like oh I
can't I can't really go out and it they
said why they know that Pete's got an
issue of Andrew they all know I said
well because like I'm Andrew Steele and
people go mad just to clarify this is
this has never been anything never
nothing romantic between you and Andrew
at all he's categorically denied it yet
you are kind of go in the night so what
is peace problem with it I think the
problem is before Bristol he had it in
his head that I fancied him he fancied
me maybe because on lo Andrews
half-decent looking
you know it's not an ugly guy every time
I go to the horse and I'll come back I
would get up early go to the horse come
back be in a really good mood he would
look at it as if Andrews making me in a
good mood not seeing it that I've been
to the horse my release I enjoyed riding
so it grew and grew and he said until he
just ended up thinking stomach was going
on I fancied Andrew he fancied me the
more time you were spending working with
Angela horses which is important yeah
the worst Pete was getting about the
well he wanted me to move my horses and
I would say why should I have to move my
horses feet well this is that this is
the deal you even move your horses or
we're gonna have to put I can't handle
it and I said you'll really choosing
between me and the horses yes I am if
you love me that much you will move the
horses and I was saying but peak that's
um and control over me there's nothing
going on you've got to get it in your
head there's nothing going on there
isn't nothing going on and there never
has been and there never will be so
you're in this nightclub in Bristol with
a party including the guy that Pete has
already told you is a massive problem
for him right rightly or wrongly and
clearly is completely innocent but on
both sides you've both said it is and I
totally accept that but in Pete's head
this is the ultimate nightmare this is
you in Bristol miles away from him with
the guy he suspects you having a fling
with drunk in a nightclub
do you regret doing that to Pete do you
regret you know summer you're still I'd
narrated this how was thing I totally
put my hand up the fact is I was out
with him and his wife another gay couple
two married women and another gay friend
of mine in a gay club the fact that I
know that it was it's always been
innocent anyway there's never anything
been going on and it's all innocent and
they're like you can't just stay in just
because of that yes yeah I know he would
go mad but then at the same time
thinking well actually I'm actually not
doing anything wrong even though in Pete
sighs I am so yeah maybe I probably lost
respect for him there because we really
weren't getting on and I thought it's so
innocent people was invited to come out
that time anyway and he chose not to
when did you tell Pete that you have
been to the club in the morning he said
what did you do last night I said oh we
all had something to eat and we went out
it didn't ask who and I thought I won't
say then and did you get very drunk I
wasn't that drunk with the pictures make
me look like I had work the next
day and I'm quite professional you're
just could you go to a nightclub with
your friends let me say off to get
smashed the first Pete would have seen
of those pictures Monday morning was
when he saw the Sun from page yeah and
that's when you rain you and went
ballistic how are you feeling when he
rang you and you knew that the Sun had
the pictures well I was with Andrew at
the time and I was just about to get on
my horse and I said it's over he said
what you'll be all right
I said I'm telling you it's definitely
over this time you say Kate this always
happens you'll get back it would be fine
because I was so used to the same to
know every time I went out it's over it
so I can't handle it's over when Pete
released a statement saying I want to
divorce what was your reaction I phoned
my friend up Julie
and I said you need to pack your
suitcase I need you to come away from me
I can't explain now why I'll explain
later I had to pack all the kids stuff
and we were in the car on our way to
Heathrow and a statement at this point
had already gone up my phone was going
mad is this true is this true it's all
on the news bla bla bla and I'm thinking
it's really gone out if this really
is it oh my god this really is it oh my
god what's going to happen oh my god
Pete me a really splitting my head was
that wool wool wool and then I said to
Diana who was with me I don't want this
divorce I don't want this split I want
to manage to work so she called I think
it was someone she knew from the Sun I'm
done a little statement in the car can't
remember exactly what it said but it was
on the line I said Oh Pete's the love of
my life
I'm understated by his decision to
separate and divorce me I will always
love my Pete exactly because I didn't
want people to know it's an amical
script because I wasn't agreeing it I
didn't want it but at that point you did
still love him
of course I loved Oh course I loved him
I still love him now stay at father of
my kids but I love them in a different
way now because of their behavior I've
seen that I think we come to them
although oh my god cool sorry you must
have been pretty devastated I wasn't
crying I was shocked it's more like shot
you hurt yeah because I knew that it's
over just so much
stupidest thing but then to him it was a
big thing and I knew it was a big thing
to him but to me it was still innocent
but I knew what I did was wrong but I
still took that risk and did it so I
know there's a part of you except that
if you're P you're thinking how can I
trust it if within days we make an
agreement she's out doing the one thing
she knows I hate most with the person
effect I hate being with moment you get
that yeah it always would have ended
anyway they would have had to because
I'm a human being I need I need to
release sites it's so healthy to
socialize with your friends whether it's
in a club or going for dinner you know
it's you need that release so look let
me be Peter Andre for a moment hey right
but we just play doubles I'm Pete right
yeah you've promised me that in future
you'll go out with me and within a few
days now you're out you're out with a
group we could and the guy that he
really doesn't like for reasons are
wrong but doesn't like him you're
drinking and you're in the front page of
the papers I mean it's a massive kick in
the teeth that's not us I get it at the
end of the day moan at me if I've been
unfaithful if there's pictures of me all
with a guy like who he knows is it
really a mystery guy have you ever been
unfaithful never ever even in the last
couple of months
never never still I've got to be honest
with you hearing this firsthand yeah in
the way that I have I've got sympathy
with P for that yeah incident yeah but
I'm not long I think you were wrong to
do that given what you told me you and
hear discussed and the thing I've been
morally judgment but no I might owe to
admit it so given the set of social
absence is what you do that's absolutely
with me but I still don't think it
deserves a divorce and break up a
marriage because of it given what
happened after that
do you really regret that night in the
nightclub now no because it always would
have come to a point did you wish you
hadn't gone really do you think it was
the straw the perfect okay maybe yeah
but I did go and I have to do with the
fact that I did go maybe I shouldn't of
gone because of the talk that we had but
then when you got everyone going Kate
come on it's innocent you know we're
only going now we're not doing nothing
wrong it is a big point of view rightly
or wrongly
Bob's in his face completely it's the
straw that broke the camel's back it's
the final humiliation for him as far as
he's concerned were there are other
things that you discussed what else what
else can you going out you going out
generally me going clubbing
I couldn't Barrett could not bear the
fact of me going clubbing which if in
five years from the age of 25 to 31 I
must have gone out about 15 times the
newspapers could do their research they
pictured me every time I go out yes they
use the worst jock in pictures yes I'll
wear the minimal outfits these are
nights when you become Jordan what
everyone changes when they have a drink
I'm an exhibitionist when I'm not but I
become more